Speaker 1  00:01
Hi, thanks for being here with me. I just wanted to let you know that this interview is for user research purposes, and it will be deleted after the course is completed by the end of the semester. This will really help me understand, engage our problem space better, and what user needs that we're looking to have. So, before we begin, can I just grab your consent that you're okay with me recording this interview?

Speaker 2  00:25
Sure.

Speaker 1  00:26
Awesome. I'm just gonna ask you five simple questions. If you can give me detailed answers about them, that would be great. So the first question is, what makes you approach strangers? Why or why not?

Speaker 2  00:40
I would approach a stranger because I would find something interesting about them, and I would want to strike up a conversation. Me personally, I like to learn more about people. I like to make new friends. So, if I see anything interesting that they wear, such as a watch, I'm really interested in that. I would strike up a conversation with them.

Speaker 1  01:01
Awesome. Tell me about the last time you made a connection, so it can be interactions, direct or indirect, with somebody completely by chance, and how did that happen?

Speaker 2  01:16
I was studying at uni during one of my uni courses, and we had to make friends for an assignment. I looked to my right, and by chance, there was a random guy sitting there, and we decided to, you know, strike up a conversation, see if we're in a group or not, and just asking about experiences in work and as well as uni, seeing what year they're in, and after that we decided we would be in a group together.

Speaker 1  01:49
So how did that initial reaction kick off? Who who started it? What was the signal, the cue that you guys should speak to each other?

Speaker 2  01:58
It started with me reaching out first. So initially, when the team, when our unit unit coordinator told us to start finding groups within our allocated time frame, we just you know it's easiest for us to just look at people around us to see who we can make friends with, and potentially find as a group mate. And by chance, I saw the guy next to me, and we decided it was a good fit for us.

Speaker 1  02:27
So, have you ever found something left by a stranger on campus, like for example, graffiti on a desk, a message, or drawing on whiteboards, notes in the bathroom? How did it make you feel, and how did you respond? Did you respond in any way?

Speaker 2  02:44
I did see a lot of stuff left behind on campus, specifically in the men's bathroom. There are a lot of graffiti and writings notes on the bathroom. Most of them are very funny. Left a funny impression with my day. Just a small little thing that you know brightened my day every time if I encounter it.

Speaker 1  03:09
Did you respond in any way, or was it just simply just moved on?

Speaker 2  03:14
I didn't really respond. If that's what you're talking about, I I looked at it, I chuckled, and that that was basically my response.

Speaker 1  03:24
Right. Is there a time a stranger started a conversation with you unprompted on campus? How did you feel, and how did it turn out?

Speaker 2  03:35
Not really. Everyone at my university really keeps to themselves, me included. Not a lot of conversations get thrown out, so I haven't had any prop experience of any strangers approaching me.

Speaker 1  03:52
So, if not on campus, has there been anywhere else?

Speaker 2  03:57
Yes, when I went to a ball, and beforehand, a random stranger came up to me and said, "I smelled nice, and he asked what perfume I was using.

Speaker 1  04:11
How did you make? How did it make you feel?

Speaker 2  04:13
I made me feel really happy because someone complimented how I smelt, and right before like an event that I was supposed to attend, so it made me feel really confident about myself.

Speaker 1  04:25
Did you end up meeting up with them, having connections?

Speaker 3  04:28
No,

Speaker 2  04:30
I didn't end up meeting up with them. It's just a one-off interaction.

Speaker 1  04:33
Did you wish it was something different?

Speaker 2  04:36
Um, not really. You know, I think having those spurts of like randomness in your life, where a certain stranger comes up to you, could be interesting and you know make a really regulated bland life a bit spicier. I guess in a way.

Speaker 1  04:56
Right. And last question: Is there any. Thing about meeting strangers on campus you wish were different.

Speaker 2  05:05
Ah, yeah, I do think that you know meeting strangers on campus should be a bit different. Currently, at campuses, normally you meet new people through you know societies, clubs, because all of them have a common interest, but really approaching random strangers at university-that doesn't really happen that often. So I think maybe it has to change, or it should change in a way.

Speaker 1  05:36
How do you wish it was different? How do you wish maybe strangers interacted with you?

Speaker 2  05:41
I think for me, what I observed is that a lot of strangers or students on campus have their headphones on, and that to me is a sign of they want to be you know left by themselves. Like they don't really want to converse with anyone because they're in that zone. They're in they're into what they're listening to, and I think it's my opinion it's a bit inappropriate if you approach them.

Speaker 1  06:09
Okay, that that seems fair. Is there any like mediums that you're thinking of interacting with people, perhaps like different formats, other than like societies,

Speaker 2  06:24
not really. If you really want to like interact with a random stranger, I don't see like another medium that you can do that in. I guess.

Speaker 1  06:34
Uh huh. Okay, that's all for our conversation then today. Thank you so much, and I assure you that your data is going to be deleted at the end of the semester. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai